# Occupancy Detection and Alert System
This code is used to simulate an occupancy dector. When the system is first powered on the system is programed to blink the green led for .5 seconds every 3 seconds. This is to show it is armed and that the system is working. When the 2.3 button is presses the system is programed to move into the "Warning" state. In this state the Green LED stops blinking, and the Red LED Blinks once per second. This state will last for 15 seconds until it goes back to the safe state. if the button is pressed before the 15 seconds are up then it will move into the "Alarm" state. in this state the red LED will remain on and it will stay on until the sleep button is pressed. 

This code is run primarially utilizing case satements, with each state being a diffrent case. Case 0 is the safe state. When in this state the only thing that happens is that the green led blinks every three seconds. When the button is pressed it goes to an interupt that increasses the state by one level and also resets the timer count. 
Case 1 is the warning state. In this state there is a loop which will repeat 15 times. In this loop the red Led will blink every second for half a second on and half a second off. when the 15 seconds is over and if there has been no other buttons pressed then the loop will end reseting the count and the state to 0. 
Case 2 is the alarm state. In this state the red led remains on and nothing else happens. It will remain in this state until there is outside influence. 
Case 3 is a reset state. it simply resets the state to 0. 
